Update main secrets documentation (#342)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/components/secret-stores/keyring/index.md

- macOS: The keychain.
- Windows: The Credential Manager.

The Keyring Store will read entries where the entry account or user is set to `spiced`.

## Example

> For setting the `spiceai` api key secret using macOS keychain, create a new keychain entry, with value as the api key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the `spiceai` API Key secret using macOS keychain, create a new keychain entry, and set the value with the API Key.
```

`"<your spice.ai app api key>"`

<img src="/img/secrets-keychain-example.png" alt="" width="800" />

> The `keyring` store is defined in the Spicepod manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `keyring` store is configured in the Spicepod manifest:
```

```yaml
secrets:
  - from: keyring
    name: keyring
```

> And the secret can be referenced in the parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And the secret can be referenced in parameters:
```
